README.md, before:

### Repository: [https://github.com/timblakel/timblakel.github.io](https://github.com/timblakel/timblakel.github.io)

### Tutorial items (Artifacts created strictly from tutorials) 
- [HTML Beginner tutorial](https://timblakel.github.io/tutorial/beginnerHTML/)  
- [CSS Beginner tutorial](https://timblakel.github.io/tutorial/beginnerCSS/)  
- [JavaScript intermediate tutorial](https://timblakel.github.io/tutorial/intermediateJS/)  
- [JavaScript advanced tutorial](https://timblakel.github.io/tutorial/advancedJS/)  
- [TypeScript in 5 minutes tutorial](https://timblakel.github.io/tutorial/typeScript5min/)  
- [TA-Trainer React TypeScript Web App Walkthrough](https://timblakel.github.io/tutorial/reactTA-Trainer/)
  
### Bezier Curve Site  
[https://timblakel.github.io/easelJS/easelJS.html](https://timblakel.github.io/easelJS/easelJS.html)  
I used to project to introduce HTML, CSS, and JavaScript/TypeScript. 
After completing some basic tutorials, I wanted to make a project on my own.
I used HTML to lay out the page, CSS to make the site more visually appealing, and TypeScript to handle the interactive bezier curve.
In my typescript code, I used classes, functions, arrays, etc. to keep track of the bezier curves and children points and lines.  
  
### Flash Card Studying Site
[https://timblakel.github.io/react-flash-card/](https://timblakel.github.io/react-flash-card/) and [repository](https://github.com/timblakel/react-flash-card.git).  
I decided to make a site for studying flash cards after watching Dr. Bart's TA-Trainer video. I used my previous knowledge of TypeScript, HTML, and CSS and added what I learned about React and Bootstrap. Hooks keep track of flash cards, which can be cycled through, flipped, saved, and have new flash cards created.   

    
[Change log and to do list](https://timblakel.github.io/changelogToDo/)

Commit message:

adding to flash card site description

README.md, after:

### Repository: [https://github.com/timblakel/timblakel.github.io](https://github.com/timblakel/timblakel.github.io)

### Tutorial items (Artifacts created strictly from tutorials) 
- [HTML Beginner tutorial](https://timblakel.github.io/tutorial/beginnerHTML/)  
- [CSS Beginner tutorial](https://timblakel.github.io/tutorial/beginnerCSS/)  
- [JavaScript intermediate tutorial](https://timblakel.github.io/tutorial/intermediateJS/)  
- [JavaScript advanced tutorial](https://timblakel.github.io/tutorial/advancedJS/)  
- [TypeScript in 5 minutes tutorial](https://timblakel.github.io/tutorial/typeScript5min/)  
- [TA-Trainer React TypeScript Web App Walkthrough](https://timblakel.github.io/tutorial/reactTA-Trainer/)
  
### Bezier Curve Site  
[https://timblakel.github.io/easelJS/easelJS.html](https://timblakel.github.io/easelJS/easelJS.html)  
I used to project to introduce HTML, CSS, and JavaScript/TypeScript. 
After completing some basic tutorials, I wanted to make a project on my own.
I used HTML to lay out the page, CSS to make the site more visually appealing, and TypeScript to handle the interactive bezier curve.
In my typescript code, I used classes, functions, arrays, etc. to keep track of the bezier curves and children points and lines.  
  
### Flash Card Studying Site
[https://timblakel.github.io/react-flash-card/](https://timblakel.github.io/react-flash-card/) and [repository](https://github.com/timblakel/react-flash-card.git).  
I decided to make a site for studying flash cards after watching Dr. Bart's TA-Trainer video. I used my previous knowledge of TypeScript, HTML, and CSS and added what I learned about React and Bootstrap. Hooks keep track of flash cards, which can be cycled through, flipped, saved, and have new flash cards created. I built upon Dr. Bart's demonstration of interfaces to make my own flashCard interface. I also took inspiration from the TA-trainer's use of hooks to implement in my own app.  

    
[Change log and to do list](https://timblakel.github.io/changelogToDo/)
